Add step on MAJOR relesases (#53)
playframework/play-meta: releasing/lagom.md

## After-Release Cleanup

* For major or minor releases, be sure to add the new version to the MiMa checks (for example, see #1298)

> * If thhis s major release, make sure all the related sample apps and [downstream projects](https://github.com/lagom/lagom-akka-discovery-service-locator/tree/lagom-1.5.x) upgrade to use the approrpate version as thhe default branch (e.g. `1.5.x`https://github.com/lagom/online-auction-scala/branches).

Author: ```suggestion
* If this is MAJOR release, make sure all the related sample apps and [downstream projects](https://github.com/lagom/lagom-akka-discovery-service-locator/tree/lagom-1.5.x) upgrade to use the appropriate version as the default branch (e.g. `1.5.x`https://github.com/lagom/online-auction-scala/branches).
```
